chore: improve prebuilds docs (#17850)
coder/coder: docs/admin/templates/extending-templates/prebuilt-workspaces.md

      [`coder_workspace_owner`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/coder/coder/latest/docs/data-sources/workspace_owner)
      datasources (see [Preventing resource replacement](#preventing-resource-replacement) for further considerations).

   The claiming process is transparent to the developer — the workspace will just be ready faster than usual.

You can view available prebuilt workspaces in the **Workspaces** view in the Coder dashboard:

![A prebuilt workspace in the dashboard](../../../images/admin/templates/extend-templates/prebuilt/prebuilt-workspaces.png)
_Note the search term `owner:prebuilds`._

> Prebuilt workspaces may be operated on like any other workspace. However, if a prebuilt workspace is stopped, the
> reconciliation loop will not destroy it. The intention behind this design is to give operators the ability to park
> problematic prebuilt workspaces in a stopped state for further investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prebuilt workspaces can be maintained and updated in the same way as any other workspace.
However, if a Prebuilt workspace is stopped, the reconciliation loop will not destroy it.
This gives template admins the ability to park problematic prebuilt workspaces in a stopped state for further investigation.
```

@dannykopping  by `if a Prebuilt workspace is stopped`, do we mean a not-yet-assigned Prebuilt workspace? (which is my assumption with the first line) Because once it's claimed, it's just a workspace like any other? So what we're talking about here is a (Prebuilt) workspace that is stopped by an admin or by an error?

has [`ForceNew`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/main/internal/service/ec2/ec2_instance.go#L75-L81) set,
since the AMI cannot be changed in-place._

> #### Updating claimed prebuilt workspaces' templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Updating claimed prebuilt workspace templates
```

I don't necessarily disagree with the plural possessive, I just think we can simplify the visual

@dannykopping- can I move this into `Current limitations`?

Author: I deliberately kept it under troubleshooting and not "current limitations" to make it seem less like "yeah, we know there's a papercut here but we didn't fix it before releasing" 😆.

  Prebuilt workspaces can only be used with the default organization.

>   [View issue](https://github.com/coder/internal/issues/364)

Reviewer: I think it looks nicer in the GitHub link format - it's descriptive and familiar

like this - I'll paste this link below as `https://github.com/coder/internal/issues/364` and GitHub does the reformatting thing:

https://github.com/coder/internal/issues/364

Author: There was some hesitation in the bug bash call around showing `coder/internal` links because folks might think they're not accessible.

Reviewer: oh interesting

works for me either way
